Support --filter-platform=host for cargo metadata #9423 (#16312)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/man/cargo-metadata.md

{{#option "`--filter-platform` _triple_" }}
This filters the `resolve` output to only include dependencies for the
given [target triple](../appendix/glossary.html#target).

> The value `host-tuple` can be used to use the host target triple.

Reviewer: Maybe follow the existing doc? https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/commands/cargo-build.html#compilation-options

```suggestion
A literal `"host-tuple"` can be used, which will internally be substituted by the host’s target.
```
